reorganizing staking doc (#110)
onflow/flow: docs/content/token/staking/index.mdx

directory. You can see the text of all the transactions used to interact with the smart contract there.

### Terminology

If any of the definitions are confusing, you can find more detail in the contract docs below the terminology section.

**Staker:** Any user who has staked tokens for the Flow network. A node operator is a staker, and a delegator is a staker as well.

**Node Operator:** A user who operates a node for the Flow network. Each node operator has a unique `NodeStaker` 
object they store in their account to perform staking operations.

**Delegator:** A user who delegates tokens to a node operator and receives rewards for their staked tokens, minus a fee
taken by the node operator. Each delegator stores a unique `NodeDelegator` object in their account
that allows them to perform staking operations.

**Identity Table:** The record of all the stakers in the network. 
The identity table keeps separate lists for the info about node operators and delegators,
which track the following info:

- **Node Operators:**

>     * Node ID: 32 byte identifier for the node. Usually a hash of the node public key.

Author: yeah that is possible, but I think it isn't something that we wanted to try to solve for in the first version. Lets definitely keep it in mind for when we redesign the staking contract though!

- Execution Nodes: 1,250,000 FLOW
- Verification Nodes: 135,000 FLOW

### Smart Contract Summary

The Flow staking smart contract manages a record of stakers who have staked tokens for the network. 
Users who want to stake can register with the staking contract at any time, and their tokens will
be locked for staking until they request to unstake them.

Before getting into the details of the contract, we need to discuss how time in Flow is organized.
The operation of the Flow network is divided into epochs, which are week-long periods where various
network maintenance operatios are performed. The schedule of each epoch is exactly the same, though
individual actions that users take in relation to the network will be different.

Epoch Schedule:

1. Start of Epoch: Generic metadata about the current epoch is updated and shared.
2. Staking Auction: Stakers can perform any action they want to manage their stake, like
    initially registering, staking new tokens, unstaking tokens, or withdrawing rewards.
    This phase takes up the vast majority of time in the epoch.
3. Remove Insufficiently Staked Nodes: All node operators who don't meet the minimum will be removed.

> 4. Rewards Payout: Pay rewards to all the node operators staked in the current epoch.

Reviewer: Just for completeness it might be worth putting where in this workflow the node is actually part of the current epoch and servicing requests.

to perform any of the valid staking options with it, assuming that you have
the required amount of tokens for each operation.

If a node operator has delegators, they cannot withdraw their own tokens 
such that their own staked tokens would fall below the minimum requirement for that node type.
This is enforced at the protocol level. If they have delegators 

> and try to unstake that puts their stake below the minimum, it will fail. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and try to submit an unstaking transaction that would put their stake below the minimum, it will fail. 
```

Regardless of whether they are a node operator or delegator, a staker has access
to all the same staking operations.

A staker can commit more tokens to stake for the next epoch at any time,
and there are three different ways to do it.
1. They can commit new tokens to stake by submitting the `stake_new_tokens.cdc` transaction,
which withdraws tokens from their account's flow token vault and commits them.
2. They can commit tokens that are in their unstaked token pool, which holds the tokens
that they have unstaked. Submit the `stake_unstaked_tokens.cdc`
transaction to move the tokens from the unstaked pool to the committed pool.
3. They can commit tokens that are in their rewarded token pool, which holds the tokens
you have been awarded. They submit the `stake_rewarded_tokens.cdc`
transaction to move the tokens from the rewards pool to the committed pool.

At anytime, a staker can also submit a request unstaking transaction
which will move their tokens to the unstaking pool at the end of the current epoch.
They will sit in this pool for one (1) additional epoch,
at which point they will be moved to the unlocked tokens pool, where
they are able to be freely withdrawn.

> A staker can also withdraw their rewarded tokens at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A staker can also withdraw their rewarded tokens at any time. These tokens are liquid and can be transferred on-chain if desired, or re-staked.
```
